# How to start from 0
SETUP

1. Create a remote repository at GitHub, Bitbucket or Gitlab
2. Clone the repo to local machine with following command:
    - git clone "put here the repo URL adress without this double quotes"
    Open project with VS Code
    - code .
    Then, navigate to the new directory: cd "directory-name ignore these double quotes"
        2. Extra:
            Now, it is possible to see our repository remote address
            - git remote -v
            It is possible to change the name of origin command
            - git remote rename origin o
3. Create package.json
    - npm init
4. First commit
    - git add .
    - git commit -m "first commit"
5. Adding standard
    - npm i standard -D
6. Create gitignore file type node_module inside
    Create one commit for gitignore and one commit for standard
7. Adding lint-staged: Allows us to run scripts in stage area
    - npm i lint-staged -D
    To see files that are in stage area:  
    - git status -s
    Obs: files with ?? means that that file is not in the stage area and it isn't in the next commit
    Configure project to run scripts before files go to staged area, put the following script at package.json:
    "lint-staged": {
        "*.js": ["standard"] or "*.js": ["standard --fix"],
        "git add"
    }, 
    Run: npx lint-staged and then it will validate all .js files
8. Adding husky: Allow us to run scripts before commit with hooks
    - npm i husky@next -D
    Configure project to run scripts before commit, put the following script at package.json:
    "husky": {
        "hooks": {
            "pre-commit": "lint-staged"
        }
    },
    Create a commit
9. Adding Jest to our tests
    - npm i jest -D
    Configure Jest- jest --init
    Answer the questions, then it will create jest.config.js file
    Delete all comentaries from jest.config let just coverageDirectory and testEnvironment
    Create a commit

10. Separate files(optional)*
    Create two files: .huskyrc.json and .lintstagerc.json
    Put their respective script inside of them
